I didn't want to say it
You have to ask
Then take the money and sign it quickly
I did the math.
That's how much I spent growing up.
So in your heart
My love for you
Blood is thicker than water
Is it all measured in money?
Then don't you just think there is less money? It doesn't matter.
I still have
Enough is enough.
Shen Anran, you said it all
Won't your heart hurt?
You had a high fever when you were 10
It was Aunt Yun who didn't sleep all night
I've been wiping your sweat and changing towels for you.
Then you said you were going to study abroad
It means he delivers takeout during the day
And we have barbecues at night.
Just to give you a penny for saving tuition
How do you calculate these accounts?
And these, these are all your favorites
In case he knows you're coming back
He has been busy since early morning
Didn't rest for a moment
His love for you
How do you count from childhood to adulthood?
So what?
These are for me
worthless
What is valuable in your eyes?
Money power
Or status
These things are in my eyes
Is worthless
So?
We are not from the same world at all
What I want is someone who is worthy of my identity
The mother who stands with me at the top of the pyramid
Rather than a person who only knows firewood, rice, oil and salt
Self-deprecating waste
Look at what color you are wearing.
Walk out with me.
I know. I thought you were my mother
I don't know.
Only when you are my queen
maid
Call me a maid
Shi Ran Ran, you don't think
Without me
Just by yourself
Can you really achieve what you are now?
Without me
Can you have the status you have today?
Can you win the contract?
Without me
It's nothing.
You just gave birth to Ran Ran
Don't sell melons here
Sell yourself
You're just a guy who can only sell barbecue
For that little fly
People who have to argue about small profits
You will never understand
Noble in society
Well said, as expected of the daughter I recognize
Mom, why are you here?
How can our vision compare to yours?